docs: add supported connection paths for remote clusters (CCS/CCR vs private connectivity) (#7567)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/security/_snippets/private-connectivity-limitations-ech.md

* **Transport client:** The {{es}} transport client is not supported over private connections.

> * **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two {{ech}} deployments don't traverse your private endpoint. Deployment-to-deployment traffic uses the remote deployment's proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed or {{ece}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two ECH deployments cannot use your private endpoint. Deployment-to-deployment traffic must use the remote deployment's public proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).
```

Updating some words to change the tone. As this is a limitation, and because it's the user in charge of the configuration, I think it's better to say what the private endpoint cannot be used instead of saying that the traffic doesn't traverse private endpoints.

Also instead of deployment-to-deployment uses the remote proxy address feels like it's magically configured. If we say "must use" I think it's clearer that it's user responsibility to configure it with the public proxy address.

Let me know your thoughts ;)

PS - I also include ECK as it could also run in the customer VPC and potentially reach the private endpoint.

> * **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two ECH deployments cannot use your private endpoint. Deployment-to-deployment traffic must use the remote deployment's public proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).

Reviewer 2: I believe that "your private endpoint" can be misleading. Since this is in Elastic Cloud the user cannot create a private endpoint no matter what.

Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
* **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two ECH deployments cannot be connecte using private endpoints. Deployment-to-deployment traffic must use the remote deployment's public proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).
```

* **Transport client:** The {{es}} transport client is not supported over private connections.

> * **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two ECH deployments cannot be connecte using private endpoints. Deployment-to-deployment traffic must use the remote deployment's public proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).

Author: ```suggestion
* **Remote clusters between {{ech}} deployments:** Remote cluster connections ({{ccs}} and {{ccr}}) between two ECH deployments cannot be connected using private endpoints. Deployment-to-deployment traffic must use the remote deployment's public proxy address. Private connections apply to remote cluster traffic only when the local cluster runs in your own VPC or VNet (self-managed, {{ece}}, or {{eck}}). Refer to [Supported connection paths](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md#remote-clusters-connection-paths).
```
